= tiny_thomas

* Source[http://github.com/dwillis/tiny_thomas]

== DESCRIPTION:

Simple ruby wrapper for the tinyThom.as API[http://tinythom.as/], which turns temporary URLs from the Library of Congress' THOMAS legislative service into permalinks. tiny_thomas requires the JSON and "CobravsMongoose[http://cobravsmongoose.rubyforge.org/] gems; both are listed as runtime dependencies by tiny_thomas. This is so that tiny_thomas can be run outside of a Rails project (although it can be run inside one as well).

The search function on THOMAS often leads to a temporary URL that expires fairly quickly. The excellent tinyThom.as service details[http://tinythom.as/about] what kinds of content the API understands.

== INSTALL:

* <tt>sudo gem install tiny_thomas</tt>tiny_thomas requires the JSON and Cobra vs Mongoose[http://cobravsmongoose.rubyforge.org/] gems; both are listed as runtime dependencies by tiny_thomas.

== USAGE:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'tiny_thomas'
  
  url = "http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/D?d112:1:./temp/~bdh7MP:@@@L&summ2=m&|/home/LegislativeData.php|"
  @link = TinyThomas.permalink(url)
  "http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d112:hr145:@@@L&summ2=m&"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Derek Willis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.